IBC workshop (#43)
overture-stack/docs: website/workshop/00-Intro.md

---
id: prerequisites
title: Prerequisites
sidebar_position: 0
description: Build a searchable, FAIR-compliant data discovery portal from tabular CSV data using Elasticsearch, Arranger, and Stage.
---

:::caution Please complete the prerequisites below before arriving

> Most importantly downloading the Docker images; the conference venue's Wi-Fi may be slow and unreliable. Thank you and looking forward to meeting you - **Mitchell Shiell, Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, [mshiell@oicr.on.ca](mailto:mshiell@oicr.on.ca)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most importantly downloading the Docker images; the conference venue's WiFi may be slow and unreliable. Thank you and looking forward to meeting you - **Mitchell Shiell, Ontario Institute for Cancer Research, [mshiell@oicr.on.ca](mailto:mshiell@oicr.on.ca)**
```
